Improve governance and staking docs (#177)
LiskHQ/lisk-contracts: documentation/staking-governance.md

The mechanism for locking tokens works as follows: 

> - Users can **lock** tokens for a specific locking duration (between 2 weeks and 2 years). After the locking duration ends, the users can redeem their tokens.

Reviewer: IMO using "unlock" instead of "redeem" is more appropriate here. Same in the fast unlock sentence (end of line 21). But no strong opinion.

Author: changed

- Users can **modify** their locking positions (increase amount, extend locking duration) at any time.

> - Users have the option to **pause** their locking period countdown. That means, the remaining locking duration remains fixed until the user decides to resume it. Note that this results in higher voting power and staking rewards as described below. 

Reviewer: In the "described below" we could add a link to the subsection on paused positions.

Author: done

- Locking positions are represented using **NFTs** for composability into DeFi and potential future uses. 
- In case a user wants to unlock earlier than the end of the locking duration, there is a **fast unlock** option. The fast unlock implies a penalty, i.e., an amount that is deducted from the locked LSK tokens. The penalty is set to `0.5 * lockedAmount *  (remainingLockingDurationInDays / maximumLockingDuration)`, where `maximumLockingDuration` is set to 2 years. Users can then redeem their tokens after a 3-day emergency locking period.
  - Confiscated tokens are immediately redirected to the staking rewards pool to be distributed over the next 14 days period on top of the guaranteed rewards.
  - Users do not have the option to cancel the fast un-stake during this 3 day window.

## Voting Power

The voting power of an account is expressed by the account's balance of another ERC20 contract, the *Voting Power* contract. The token symbol of this contract `vpLSK`. The voting power for a locked amount of tokens is computed as follows:

- Generally, locked tokens provide a voting power proportional to the amount of locked tokens. Concretely, 1 locked LSK provides 1 vpLSK.

> - In case a user pauses their locking period countdown, they receive a boost of the voting power meaning the voting power is set to `lockedAmount * (1 + remainingLockingDurationInDays/365)`. Hence, the voting power can be increased by up to 200% by pausing a locking position with the maximum locking period of 2 years.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for improvement: 
```suggestion
- In case a user pauses their locking period countdown, they receive a boost of the voting power. In particular,  their voting power is set to `lockedAmount * (1 + remainingLockingDurationInDays/365)` vpLSK. Hence, the voting power can be increased by up to 200% by pausing a locking position with the maximum locking period of 2 years.
```

Author: I was also thinking about adding the unit `vpLSK` here. But as `lockedAmount` could also be understood as the variable used on the contract level, which is in wei, I decided against it.

- Users can **modify** their locking positions (increase amount, extend locking duration) at any time.
- Users have the option to **pause** their locking period countdown. That means, the remaining locking duration remains fixed until the user decides to resume it. Note that this results in higher voting power and staking rewards as [described below](#pausing-a-locking-position). 
- Each user may have multiple locking positions. 
- Locking positions are represented using **NFTs** for composability into DeFi and potential future uses. 
- In case a user wants to unlock earlier than the end of the locking duration, there is a **fast unlock** option. The fast unlock implies a penalty, i.e., an amount that is deducted from the locked LSK tokens. The penalty is set to `0.5 * lockedAmount *  (remainingLockingDurationInDays / maximumLockingDuration)`, where `maximumLockingDuration` is set to 2 years. Users can then unlock their tokens after a 3-day emergency locking period.
  - Confiscated tokens are immediately redirected to the staking rewards pool to be distributed over the next 14 days period on top of the guaranteed rewards.

>   - Users do not have the option to cancel the fast un-stake during this 3 day window.

Author: changed to "unlock"

## Voting Power

The voting power of an account is expressed by the account's balance of another ERC20 contract, the *Voting Power* contract. The token symbol of this contract `vpLSK`. The voting power for a locked amount of tokens is computed as follows:

- Generally, locked tokens provide a voting power proportional to the amount of locked tokens. Concretely, 1 locked LSK provides 1 vpLSK.
- In case a user pauses their locking period countdown, they receive a boost of the voting power meaning the voting power is set to `lockedAmount * (1 + remainingLockingDurationInDays/365)`. Hence, the voting power can be increased by up to 200% by pausing a locking position with the maximum locking period of 2 years.

### Voting Power for a Concrete Proposal

At the time a proposal is created, a snapshot of the delegated voting power is taken and the voting result is based on this snapshot. Consequently, neither any changes in the voting power nor any delegations made after the proposal creation have any influence on the voting result.

## Staking Rewards

Users receive rewards for their locking tokens as follows: 

> - Rewards are calculated on a daily basis, based on the amount locked and the remaining locking duration. Concretely, the weight for a locked amount is given by `lockedAmount * (remainingLockingDurationInDays + 150)`. The total daily amount of staking rewards is then shared by all users proportional to their weight.

Reviewer: Do you think it would be beneficial to add a formula on the daily rewards for a position? Although it's described quite precisely.

Author: I added one

- Users can claim their rewards (and restake them immediately if they want) at any time.

## Pausing a Locking Position

> As mentioned in several subsection before, it is possible *to pause* the countdown of a locking position. This can be done at any time. Once paused, the remaining locking duration does not decrease anymore. The owner of the locking position can *resume* the countdown of the locking period an any point in time. Once resumed, the remaining locking duration descreases again daily.

Reviewer: "subsection" --> "subsections". We could also say "several places above", but again no strong opinion.

Author: done

**Example**: A users creates a locking position on day 1 and with a locking duration of 30 days. On day 6, the remaining locking duration is 25 days. On the same day, the user pauses the locking pausition. On day 50, the remaining locking duration is still 25. The users resumes the countdown of the locking position on this day. On day 75, the reamining locking duration is zero and the user can unlock their tokens.

What are the consequences of pausing the countdown:

- The voting power is boosted, i.e. increased from `lockedAmount` to `lockedAmount * (1 + remainingLockingDurationInDays/365)`.

> - The rewards paid out per day for the locking position do not decrease daily (assuming a constant total weight in the rewards contract). In contrast, the rewards paid out per day for an unpaused locking position decrease day by day.

Reviewer: Here we could be a bit more precise to avoid confusion. Suggestion (but again, no strong opinion):

```suggestion
- The weight on the rewards calculation (`lockedAmount * (remainingLockingDurationInDays + 150)` does not decrease daily (as for unpaused locking position) but remains fixed for all the duration that the position remains paused. This results to higher staking rewards.
```

Author: Your suggestion is more precise, but I nevertheless prefer the current way as the main point is easier to grasp in my opinion: higher rewards.

Reviewer: Ok. The main point is that in my formulation we don't need to make any assumptions on the total weight. On the other hand, the statement that by default rewards decrease daily is true only under this assumption. This is why I suggested this.

Author: ok, I took you suggestion with small modifications :)

- Generally, locked tokens provide a voting power proportional to the amount of locked tokens. Concretely, 1 locked LSK provides one unit of voting power.

> - In case a user pauses their locking period countdown, they receives a boost of the voting power meaning the voting power is set to `lockedAmount * (1 + remainingLockingDurationInDays/365)`. Hence, the voting power can be increased by up to 200%.

Reviewer: Optional: Perhaps explain further the 200% e.g.,

```suggestion
- In case a user pauses their locking period countdown, they receives a boost of the voting power meaning the voting power is set to `lockedAmount * (1 + remainingLockingDurationInDays/365)`. Hence, the voting power can be increased by up to 200%, by pausing a maximum locking period of 2 years.
```

Author: I took your suggestion with small modifications. I think the 200% should be clear now. 
But I additionally modified the section a bit to introduce the token symbol `vpLSK` which is also used below.

> 

Reviewer: Comment about lines 12-23: Since there is a lot of content in bullet points, perhaps would be nice to use bold letters in some places such as "modify locking position" or "fast unlock" so that it's easier to parse the content.

- Users can claim their rewards (and restake them immediately if they want) at any time.

## Pausing a Locking Position

As mentioned in several subsection before, it is possible *to pause* the countdown of a locking position. This can be done at any time. Once paused, the remaining locking duration does not decrease anymore. The owner of the locking position can *resume* the countdown of the locking period an any point in time. Once resumed, the remaining locking duration descreases again daily.

**Example**: A users creates a locking position on day 1 and with a locking duration of 30 days. On day 6, the remaining locking duration is 25 days. On the same day, the user pauses the locking pausition. On day 50, the remaining locking duration is still 25. The users resumes the countdown of the locking position on this day. On day 75, the reamining locking duration is zero and the user can unlock their tokens.

What are the consequences of pausing the countdown:

- The voting power is boosted, i.e. increased from `lockedAmount` to `lockedAmount * (1 + remainingLockingDurationInDays/365)`.

> - The rewards paid out per day for the locking position do not decrease (assuming a constant total weight in the rewards contract).

Author: I'm not 100%ly sure what you mean. Do you mean that the total earned rewards increase compared to an unpaused position? Or do you mean that the daily rewards for the position increase day by day? The latter would only hold if the total weight decreases day by day, but I would rather assume a constant total weight.

> - The rewards paid out per day for the locking position do not decrease (assuming a constant total weight in the rewards contract).

Author: Nevertheless, I saw that the current formulation was slightly ambiguous. So I tried to improve it.

> - The rewards paid out per day for the locking position do not decrease (assuming a constant total weight in the rewards contract).

Reviewer 2: I meant the second one.
After I read your updated commit, it's now clear to me.
Thanks for the clarification!
